# Meteorite Landing Site Investigations

The primary objective of this project was to calculate the travel and sampling times of a Mars rover as it traveled to  
5 different landing zones from a starting position. The secondary objective was to gain experience with handling json  
files. In this folder you will find two python scripts: generate-sites.py and calculate-trip.py. Both of these scripts  
interact with each other to complete the objectives.  

## generate-sites.py

generate-sites.py does two things: it generates site data and compiles it into a json file. It generates randomly the  
latitude, longitude, and composition of 5 meteorite landing sites. Then, it saves those sites as a json. The structure  
of the sites is a dict of a list of dicts.

## calculate-trip.py

This script calculates the time for the rover to travel to and investigate each site. It reads in the json file  
generated by generate-sites.py and prints out the results (times for each leg and then the total time).

## How to use the code

### How to run the code

To run the code, all you need to do is use the python3 command in your terminal. First run generate-sites.py, then run  
calculate-trip.py. After you run generate-sites.py, the json file "sites-data" should have appeared in the directory.  

### How to interpret results

Once calculate-trip.py is run, 6 lines of results will be printed to the terminal. The first 5 lines detail the travel  
times and sample times for each leg (5 legs total). The final line of results tells you how long the entire trip took  
in hours. The travel times are based on the distance the rover had to travel, and the sample times are based on what  
composition the sites had. 


